story recapped here today i'm going to
explain an action sci-fi and thriller
film called in time spoilers ahead watch
out and take care
in the future humans have been
genetically modified to stop aging at
25. the only caveat is when humans get
to age 25 they only have one year left
to live a person's life is shown on
their forearm with a timer and time is
now the world's currency the rich can
basically live forever while the poor
live their lives paycheck to paycheck
literally
will
wakes up and cece has less than 24 hours
left he heads down and greets his mother
rachel who is celebrating her 50th
birthday their celebration is cut short
when they start talking about finances
rachel says she has three days left on
her time and reminds will of bills and
loans they need to pay will reassures
her that he'll come up with the money
rachel says she'll be away for two days
working and she'll pay alone
she tells while he has to meet with her
at a bus station so he can give her more
time
she then hands will 30 minutes so he can
pay for a decent lunch will kisses her
goodbye before heading to work
on his way to work will runs into a kid
maya she asks for a minute and will
happily gives her five minutes and sends
her away smiling he arrives at work and
meets with his friend borel
will works at a factory making time
storage devices
after a hard day's work he clocks out
and gets paid he sees that his payment
is lacking and demands more but the
distributor says the quota has increased
and will didn't reach it
will later meets heads to a local bar
and some men invite him to gamble but he
turns him down but not after reminding
one of the man he owes will an hour will
takes the hour and meets with borel
barrel is drunk pointing to someone
who's been buying drinks for everyone he
says the man has over a century in his
time we'll spot someone eyeing the man
and he decides to inform the man henry
that somebody is watching him will tells
the man to leave as he's attracting too
much attention but the man refuses a
group of men enters and everyone at the
bar is suddenly rushing out borrel tells
will that they're minutemen gangsters
who rob a next door borel pulls will
away but will intends to stay and watch
he assures borel that he wouldn't do
anything stupid and borel leaves him the
leader fortis tells henry he wants his
time and even offers henry the chance to
fight for it henry appears nauseous and
heads to the bathroom he vomits while a
minuteman keeps watches will suddenly
bursts in knocks the guy out and takes
henry with him
will and henry run out in fortis and his
men chase after them they manage to
escape after climbing over a gate and
hiding inside an abandoned building the
minutemen are close behind and almost
find them but eventually give up their
chase when one of the men tells fortis
that he recognized well will and henry
get acquainted and henry reveals he's
105 years old he says his mind is
fatigued and he desires death explaining
his rash behavior will gets mad
considering that he and his mother have
to work several jobs just to live
another day
henry then reveals the secrets of their
horrific world rich people increase the
cost of living so that poor people keep
dying and in turn more time goes to the
rich the reality is that there is more
than enough time for everyone however
greed and lust for immortality blind the
rich and powerful henry asks well what
he'll do if he had the same amount of
time as him we'll answer is that if he
has that time he will not waste it like
henry henry thinks about what will says
and the two get rest
morning comes and henry decides to give
all but five minutes of his time to a
sleeping will after a while will wakes
up and discovers he is over a century in
his time
he looks for henry and sees him sitting
atop a bridge as henry's final seconds
countdown and he smiles falls into the
river
later will heads to borrell and sees
borel's wife greta
holding their newborn baby will asks for
borel and he reveals to him the time he
has will talks about the events of the
night before and borel asks what he
plans to do now that he has learned the
truth will intends to bring justice
before leaving we'll gives borel with
his fortune poor allies the bar on the
other side of the street
meanwhile rachel pays a loan of two days
and attempts to ride the bus but finds
that she can't afford the fare as the
prices have gone up she pleads to the
driver and the passengers but everyone
looks away
feeling desperate she starts running
the two are in a race against time and
with every second and every step death
draws closer for rachel
finally they see each other they run as
fast as they can but death beats rachel
and will a lifeless rachel falls into
will's arms will weeps knowing they were
mere seconds away from living the life
they've always wanted will now has all
the time he's ever wanted but his mother
has none
the following day timekeepers retrieve
henry's body from the river
raymond
the senior timekeeper and jaeger
his junior investigate the scene as
they're about to leave raymond sees a
camera on top of the bridge
meanwhile will sits inside a car wearing
a new suit and a new look on his face
they leave the time zone a border that
separates the different social classes
on his trip they pass multiple borders
paying a toll fee that increases with
each one the last border costs will a
year and the driver welcomes him to the
city of new greenwich the driver asks
what his true intentions are for coming
to new greenwich and will answers he
wants to make the people of new
greenwich pay
the city is entirely different from what
will is used to
as he exits the car he immediately
starts running still used to living with
little time he looks at his arm and
starts acting more like a person who is
all the time in the world
however he already caught the attention
of a woman named sylvia will enters a
hotel and asks for a suite
in his luxurious room will wakes up
still with 105 years even though he lies
down in the comfiest of beds in a room
with the best view the untimely death of
his mom still haunts him for the first
time in his life he experiences gourmet
food and drinks he pays for his meal and
tips the waitress a week the waitress
notices that will doesn't act like
everyone else saying he does everything
a little too fast will cheekily replies
that he doesn't finish fast in the
things that matter will plans to enter
the casino but first he has to have a
wardrobe change
in the timekeepers headquarters they
seal in the surveillance footage jager
reports that a man crossed numerous
borders going to new greenwich they
gather more information about while on
the computer and raymond states that he
knows will's father
will enters a casino and sits at a poker
table as the dealer deals philippe a
billionaire with eons in his time
acquaints himself with will will's
winnings after a few rounds of poker
amounts to over two centuries philippe
increases the pot by 50 years despite
this will calls with total confidence
and the river turns out to be the six of
diamonds will's focus shifts from the
game to the lovely dane sylvia who sits
beside philippe philippe rolls up his
sleeves revealing almost 10 millennia's
worth of time he then talks about the
immeasurable gap between the poor and
the rich justifying it as natural
selection he raises two more centuries
will bites and calls leaving his arm
with a mere 30 seconds left the outcome
favors will and he receives a millennium
this brought a thrill to philippe stall
life he notices while looking at sylvia
and asks if he thinks she's his
grandmother mother or wife will simply
says that she's beautiful
philippe introduces her as his daughter
and she invites him to a party
the next day will purchases a brand new
car with his winnings which he drives to
philippe's mansion there he's introduced
to three generations of women that look
as if they're sisters will looks out of
place among the high-class crowd sylvia
approaches and saves him from a lonely
night they get to know more about one
another and their conversation leads
them to the dance floor she asks him if
he comes from the ghetto but will
neither admits nor denies her claims
sylvia opens up to him about her
meaningless life and how the time that
she shackles her when it's supposed to
grant her freedom while this is
happening felipe and her wife stare at
the two with watchful eyes causing will
to lead sylvia outside to the beach
will and sylvia undress and dives into
the waters they float on the ocean naked
in inches apart with the moonlight
glowing on their arms sylvia distances
herself but the waves push her closer to
him
suddenly someone calls out from the
shore disrupting the romantic moment
they return and felipe asks will to join
him for a game of poker however that
time keepers barge in and confront will
they sit him in an office and raymond
introduces himself he asks him why he's
in new greenwich and how he has over a
millennium's worth of time will answers
honestly and says that henry gave it to
him committing suicide in the process
raymond doubts his explanation
confiscates his time and arrests him as
he leaves will asks him why he
investigates suicide when murders happen
in the ghetto every day raymond is
astounded by his statement as it reminds
him of well's father will then attacks
the timekeepers guarding him and rushes
out to hold sylvia hostage they enter
through the kitchen and the two drive
off on his car
a car chase occurs and raymond rams
will's car causing them to lose control
will expertly maneuvers while in reverse
barely dodging an incoming truck they
lose the timekeepers and hide underneath
a bridge will asks for silvi's time but
she refuses
morning comes and they drive along the
highways and run over traffic spikes the
tire punctures and they crash
fortis and his men approach the
unconscious couple he siphons time from
sylvia but they leave in a hurry leaving
her with 30 minutes will gives her a few
minutes and they run off to get more
time
with three minutes left will knocks on
borrel's door bretta answers and informs
while that borrel has died due to
alcohol poisoning
sylvia is in distress as she only has a
handful of minutes left will notices her
earring and they rush to the jewelry
dealer seeing that they're desperate he
underpays them and offers only two days
will accepts and they immediately hide
as they hear the timekeeper sirens
they walk through the city talking about
sylvia's family business will asks how
much they're worth and she replies it's
too much to the point that knowing it
won't matter will calls raymond and asks
for felipe to transfer a thousand years
to the ghetto city in exchange for
sylvia raymond warns him that if he
continues he'll end up dead like his
father will says his father died
fighting someone but raymond says will's
father was doing something more
dangerous night arrives and sylvia makes
herself at home at will's apartment she
asks about his family and will opens up
about her mother's passing he reminisces
about his father and how he was a
gambler like him but on a different game
his father would play a game akin to
gambling but using his time his father
won a lot but his acts of generosity
caused his death they find out they're
around the same age and their bond grows
stronger as they share more about each
other's past
morning comes and he observes if felipe
holds up his end of the deal will seize
no time transfers leaving sylvia
disappointed with her father despite not
receiving the time will still intends to
let sylvia go he escorts her to the
phone booth giving her a gun as a
farewell gift and she returns the favor
with a kiss she calls her father and
berates him for not delivering what will
wants as they talk will is behind her
oblivious of raymond pointing a gun at
him
sylvia turns and sees raymond and
without hesitation she shoots him will
points a gun at a bleeding raymond but
instead of taking his time he gives some
to raymond and the two drive off using
his car
the two are parked on the side of the
main road and sylvia asks if he has any
plans since they're in a cop car they
play the part of a timekeeper blocking
an unfortunate driver sylvia gets too
comfortable with the gun and fires a
shot scaring will in the driver they
steal from the passenger and leaves with
a new vehicle
later that day the two sit in the back
seat and watch the news about them will
states that she can still return to her
father but sylvia doesn't want to return
to her boring life will leans in for
another kiss now having time to do more
than just that
in his office felipe talks to his
partners and assures them that he didn't
pay the ransom they doubt his
capabilities to resolve this issue but
raymond enters the room before felipe
gets a chance to explain himself he
tells philippe about her daughter not
wanting to be rescued philippe
apologizes and attributes his daughter's
stubbornness to stockholm syndrome
raymond does not budge and informs him
that he plans to arrest his daughter
philippe tries to bribe him with his
time but raymond remains uninterested
and leaves
the next day will teaches sylvia how to
shoot a gun properly they talk about
will's plan to give time to the people
and she says that she can help him get
the time he needs
at the local loaning establishment a
truck suddenly crashes through the glass
panes the two pull off a heist stealing
as much time storing devices as they can
they encourage the borrowers to get as
much time as they want and they all come
rushing in
later that day we'll give time to greta
maya and even the timeline distributor
who gives people time as charity fortis
continues to harass and kill people for
time he then sees on display a reward
for 10 years for the capture of will and
sylvia meanwhile philippe watches the
news about his daughter's continuous
pursuits to steal from him
later that night raymond and the
timekeeper surround a motel where the
two stay in
will and sylvia notice they're
surrounded so they jump out the window
to escape
raymond chases after them through the
streets and the dark alleyways they make
their way up the roofs and a shootout
commences they manage to board a bus
losing raymond
fortis continues his search for will and
sylvia he interrogates a group
threatening to steal their time when one
dies a man steps up and says he has
information about their whereabouts
at the motel the two sit on the couch
together talking about the challenges
they're about to face they both accept
that if they get caught they will die at
the period they've spent together and at
every time they almost died sylvia felt
more alive than ever suddenly the door
gets knocked down by fortis and his men
feeling generous fortis gives will a
chance to play for his life
fortis rolls up his sleeve for a game of
strong arm and will accepts his
challenge will struggles up to his final
seconds then he turns it around when
fortis loses focus his subordinates
approach the table and the fear in his
eyes gross will grabs a gun from his
ankle and shoots everyone while
siphoning fortistry
will and sylvia stand on a rooftop
observing how prices keep rising will
feels hopeless saying that the rich will
just increase the cost of living every
time they steal
he says that only a million years will
make a difference
sylvia agrees but she has a plan in mind
the next day philippe enters a building
with a plethora of bodyguards
surrounding him
sylvia catches their attention and asks
for this father among the guards is will
who points a gun directly at philippe's
head he commands the guards to put their
weapons down and they take philippe
hostage in his office as a time vault
and an air sits a device with a million
years fleet tries to explain that
society will fail if that time falls to
the wrong hands he says that there will
always be someone willing to sacrifice
people for a shot at immortality will
cannot contain his anger and points a
gun at him but he recoups his calmness
will tells philippe that immortality is
not worth the life of even a single
individual
the two then leave
meanwhile police vehicles start to
barricade the main road the timekeepers
shoot at will in sylvia's car but they
miraculously get through unharmed
ramming the tollbooth to cross the
border raymond doesn't give up and
chases after them
they arrive at the ghetto and as they're
about to reach safety raymond intercepts
and crashes into them will exits
unscathed and asks maya to distribute
the 1 million years
raymond points a gun at the two but the
clamoring crowd blocks his line of sight
allowing for them to escape
raymond hijacks a car and the chase
continues
finally they clash in the middle of the
road
raymond admits that he's also from the
ghetto and as he learned how to escape
from poverty his eyes were also open to
the hard truth that the gap between the
rich and the poor has to be maintained
as they talk raymond realizes that his
time is up he dies on the spot and the
two try to find a way to replenish
theirs in the distance is raymond's car
they run towards it with seconds on
their clock will gets there first and
receives his time he then runs to sylvie
who has seconds left the two run into
each other's arms in the nick of time
and the two get to live for another day
citizens are now crossing borders into
more expensive zones the minutemen watch
on as their societal hierarchy begins
collapsing
sylvian will continue their routine this
time making their way to a massive time
bank
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching
[Music]